---
title: vv-update-locals CLI
---

<script setup>

    import DocsPackageVersion from '../../src/views/compos/DocsPackageVersion.vue'
    import cliData from '../../cli/helpers/cliData.mjs'

    const stack1 = cliData.stacks.vueTwViteTs.name
    const stack2 = cliData.stacks.vueTwViteSsgMdTs.name
    const stack3 = cliData.stacks.vueTwNuxt3.name
    
</script>






# {{ $frontmatter.title }}

The vv-update-locals CLI is a project maintenance tool to help an existing application bring in new versions of files and test files into an existing VueVentus dependent application - sometime after a prior [vueventus CLI](/guides/vueventus-cli) installation.






## Getting Started

Assuming you already installed VueVentus with a CLI tool or manually, you can start the vv-update-locals CLI with the command:

```bash
npx vv-update-locals
```









## Choose Your Stack

Some files with the same name are different between different installation stacks. So first up, the vv-update-locals CLI will ask you which stack you are using. The currently supported stacks are:

1. **SPA Stack:** {{ stack1 }}
1. **SSG Stack:** {{ stack2 }}
1. **Nuxt 3 Stack:** {{ stack3 }}









## Choose Your FontAwesome Version

Next up, you'll need to tell the vv-update-locals CLI which FontAwesome version you are using. The currently supported stacks are:

1. FontAwesome Free
1. FontAwesome Pro

:::danger FILES ARE OVERWRITTEN
Please note that the vv-update-locals CLI doesn't care if you've worked hard on customizing a file originally generated by the [vueventus CLI](/guides/vueventus-cli)!

This means the vv-update-locals CLI will **overwrite** a file if it already exists, so **always** be sure you have versioning or the ability to undo a vv-update-locals CLI selection to **always** ensure you have a way back out of an overwrite!
:::







## Enjoy and Profit

Now you can sit back (for like a second or two) while Node.js takes care of the updating. Just be sure to review each file and ensure you didn't lose any customizations you may have hacked in there. It's a pretty quick affair to use git and your IDE to add back in any overwritten customizations.

Happy Hacking! :rocket:








!!!include(snippets/skipToTestDrive.md)!!!






<DocsPackageVersion/>

